Step 1: Team Selection

    Both players choose their team. 

    Each has 25 points to work with in order to build their team. 
    Each card is listed, along with its cost in points.
    Type in the name of the card to add it to your team. 
    Type '?' followed by the name of a card to see its stats and abilities.
    Type 'end' to finalize your team.

    Player 1 selects their team first, and Player 2 is allowed to see the opponent's team and build their team around it.
    Duplicate cards are not allowed on the same team.


Step 2: Lineups

    Two cards are allowed on the field at a time.
    Each player chooses which cards they would like to play first.
    This will determine the order in which the cards play.

Step 3: Battle

    a. Main Objective
        To win the game, eliminate all cards on the opposing team.

        A card is eliminated when it hits 0 HP or lower.
        When a player's card is eliminated, they will be prompted to replace it with another card on the team.

    b. Move Selection
        To select a move, type the number that corresponds to the move you would like to use.
        Type '?' to see what all the moves do.
        Type 'SWITCH' to substitute the current card for another one. This will use up the card's turn.
        Type 'SKIP' to skip the current card's turn.

        Some cards have a passive move. This will be performed at the start of the match and at the start of each turn.

    c. Target Selection
        Some moves automatically target the moving card, skipping this section.

        If not, select the team you want to target by typing the team's number.

        Splash moves will affect all cards on that targetted team.
        Non-splash moves will prompt you to select the specific card you would like to target.

    d. Display
        Before each turn, the terminal will show a list of all the cards on the field, with their remaining HP.
        Underneath each name, it lists all buffs and debuffs each card has.
        The moving card is signified by a '>>>' before its name.

Ability Index:
    Damage:
        lowers target's HP
    DmgBoost:
        increases damage done by a card
    Resistance:
        decereases damage taken by a card
    Poison:
        does 20 passive damage per turn

    Heal:
        restores target's HP; does not add HP above starting HP
    Antiheal:
        prevents card from gaining HP

    Accuracy:
        likelihood that a move hits its target; By default moves have 100% accuracy
        a select few moves are a guaranteed hit
    Accuracy Buff:
        increases a card's accuracy on all moves
    Evasion:
        decreases a card's chance of getting hit
    
    Stun:
        prevents a card from moving
    Confuse:
        card has a 50% chance of hitting itself with its move
    Blind:
        card cannot land targeted moves
    Invisible:
        prevents card from being targeted
    Shield:
        prevents all other cards on team from being targeted
    
    Cleanse:
        Removes all negative effects on a card
    Hack:
        Removes all buffs on a card

    Splash:
        All cards on targeted team are affected
        Ignores evasion and invisibility
    
    Duration:
        the period of time that an effect stays on a card
        some effects have unlimited duration
    
    
    
        
        


